README.md, before:

# Invoices App

<div align="center" markdown>
🌏
English |
<a href="./README.pt-br.md">Português</a>
</div>

## About

---

![Design preview](./public/preview.jpg)

A frontend project to create and manage invoices, proposed as a [challange by Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/invoice-app-i7KaLTQjl).

## Tech used

---

- [React](https://react.dev/) - to simplify the creation of consistent and dynamic UI;
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) - to manage routes in single page applications;
- [React Hook Form](https://www.react-hook-form.com/) - to simplify form handling and allow a better performance by avoiding unecessary rendering;
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - to speed up page styling through utility classes while keeping control over style;
- [Zod](https://zod.dev/) - to simplify form validation logic;
- LocalStorage - to persist data in a frontend-only app;

## Requirements:

---

- NodeJS v20 or later
- npm v10 or later

## How to run locally

---

After cloning the repository, the basics setup commands are:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

And browse to http://localhost:5173 to see the app.

Commit message:

docs: adds link to Frontend Mentor solution

README.md, after:

# Invoices App

<div align="center" markdown>
🌏
English |
<a href="./README.pt-br.md">Português</a>
</div>

## About

---

![Design preview](./public/preview.jpg)

A frontend project to create and manage invoices, proposed as a [challange by Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/invoice-app-i7KaLTQjl).

[Click here to view the solution in Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/invoices-app-with-react-vite-tailwind-vG9vV_6X0c)

## Tech used

---

- [React](https://react.dev/) - to simplify the creation of consistent and dynamic UI;
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) - to manage routes in single page applications;
- [React Hook Form](https://www.react-hook-form.com/) - to simplify form handling and allow a better performance by avoiding unecessary rendering;
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - to speed up page styling through utility classes while keeping control over style;
- [Zod](https://zod.dev/) - to simplify form validation logic;
- LocalStorage - to persist data in a frontend-only app;

## Requirements:

---

- NodeJS v20 or later
- npm v10 or later

## How to run locally

---

After cloning the repository, the basics setup commands are:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

And browse to http://localhost:5173 to see the app.
